README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Cookbook:  Learning and Preparing for MLE Interview 




A cookbook for learning machine learning. This book is not intended to be exhaustive, but simply designed for a beginner to prepare for passing interview.  


# Resources
This book is inspired by many resources:
- GITHUB repos 
    - [Awesine machine learning](https://github.com/josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning#awesome-machine-learning--)
    - [Machine Learning Book in Chinese, 机器学习实战](https://github.com/Jack-Cherish/Machine-Learning)
    - [Machine Learning with Python in Chinese](https://github.com/lawlite19/MachineLearning_Python#1%E4%BB%A3%E4%BB%B7%E5%87%BD%E6%95%B0)
    - [Machine Learning for Software Engineer](https://github.com/ZuzooVn/machine-learning-for-software-engineers)
    - [Coding Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)
    - [DS MLE Questions](https://github.com/AllenCX/DS-ML-Interview-Questions)
    
- Forum Discussion
    - [MLE Interview 1](https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-775808-1-1.html)
    - [MLE Interview 2](https://instant.1point3acres.com/thread/781157)
    - [MLE Interview 3](https://1o24bbs.com/t/topic/1863)

- Courses
    - [Stanford CS231n,CNN](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/)
    - [Stanford CS224n,NLP](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224n/)
    - [Coursera Machine Learning by Andrew Ng](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/home/welcome?)
    - [Coursera Deep learning specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning?utm_source=gg&utm_medium=sem&utm_campaign=17-DeepLearning-US&utm_content=B2C&campaignid=904733485&adgroupid=46370300620&device=c&keyword=coursera%20deep%20learning%20ai&matchtype=b&network=g&devicemodel=&adpostion=&creativeid=314072424647&hide_mobile_promo&gclid=Cj0KCQiAxc6PBhCEARIsAH8Hff18YkoLwuDtKeHddoUV5UtCgn3XdZfEL_lJNZALQC6Ze2gNAydd8w4aAquDEALw_wcB)
    - [Berkeley CS 188: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence](https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs188/sp22/)
    - [Deep Reinforcement Learning - UC Berkeley](https://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse/)
    - [Oxford Deep NLP 2017 course](https://github.com/oxford-cs-deepnlp-2017/lectures)
    - [Yida Xu's Machine Learning Course](https://github.com/roboticcam/machine-learning-notes)


# Table of Contents


## 1 Data Structure and Algorithms 
Leetcode preparation is inevitable for MLE interview, although the expectation might not be as much as SDE interview. Often, medium and easy leetcode questions will be asked during coding interview.     


## 2 Systems Design


## 3 ML Coding 


## 4 ML Fundamental 


## 5 ML Design

Commit message:

add python section in TOC

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Cookbook:  Learning and Preparing for MLE Interview 

A cookbook for learning machine learning. This book is not intended to be exhaustive, but simply designed for a beginner to prepare for passing interview.  

# Table of Contents

## 1 Python Programming  
Python will be used as the primary programming language for learning data structure, algorithm, system design, statistics, Big Data, ML and Deep learning. 

## 2 Data Structure and Algorithms 
Leetcode preparation is inevitable for MLE interview, although the expectation might not be as much as SDE interview. Often, medium and easy leetcode questions will be asked during coding interview.     

## 3 Systems Design


## 4 ML Coding 


## 5 ML Fundamental 


## 6 ML Design

# Resources
This book is inspired by many resources:

- GITHUB repos
    - [Awesine machine learning](https://github.com/josephmisiti/awesome-machine-learning#awesome-machine-learning--)
    - [Machine Learning Book in Chinese, 机器学习实战](https://github.com/Jack-Cherish/Machine-Learning)
    - [Machine Learning with Python in Chinese](https://github.com/lawlite19/MachineLearning_Python#1%E4%BB%A3%E4%BB%B7%E5%87%BD%E6%95%B0)
    - [Machine Learning for Software Engineer](https://github.com/ZuzooVn/machine-learning-for-software-engineers)
    - [Coding Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)
    - [DS MLE Questions](https://github.com/AllenCX/DS-ML-Interview-Questions)
- Forum Discussion
    - [MLE Interview 1](https://www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-775808-1-1.html)
    - [MLE Interview 2](https://instant.1point3acres.com/thread/781157)
    - [MLE Interview 3](https://1o24bbs.com/t/topic/1863)
- Courses
    - [Stanford CS231n,CNN](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/)
    - [Stanford CS224n,NLP](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs224n/)
    - [Coursera Machine Learning by Andrew Ng](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/home/welcome?)
    - [Coursera Deep learning specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning?utm_source=gg&utm_medium=sem&utm_campaign=17-DeepLearning-US&utm_content=B2C&campaignid=904733485&adgroupid=46370300620&device=c&keyword=coursera%20deep%20learning%20ai&matchtype=b&network=g&devicemodel=&adpostion=&creativeid=314072424647&hide_mobile_promo&gclid=Cj0KCQiAxc6PBhCEARIsAH8Hff18YkoLwuDtKeHddoUV5UtCgn3XdZfEL_lJNZALQC6Ze2gNAydd8w4aAquDEALw_wcB)
    - [Berkeley CS 188: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence](https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs188/sp22/)
    - [Deep Reinforcement Learning - UC Berkeley](https://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse/)
    - [Oxford Deep NLP 2017 course](https://github.com/oxford-cs-deepnlp-2017/lectures)
    - [Yida Xu's Machine Learning Course](https://github.com/roboticcam/machine-learning-notes)
